[TT-14170] Update documentation for master (#6083)
TykTechnologies/tyk-docs: tyk-docs/content/shared/gateway-config.md

ENV: <b>TYK_GW_CONTROLAPIPORT</b><br />
Type: `int`<br />

> Set this to expose the Tyk Gateway API on a separate port. You can protect it behind a firewall if needed. Please make sure you follow this guide when setting the control port https://tyk.io/docs/planning-for-production/#change-your-control-port.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Set this to expose the Tyk Gateway API on a separate port. You can protect it behind a firewall if needed. Please make sure you follow this guide when setting the control port https://tyk.io/docs/tyk-self-managed/#change-your-control-port.
```

ENV: <b>TYK_GW_HTTPSERVEROPTIONS_MINVERSION</b><br />
Type: `uint16`<br />

> Minimum TLS version. Possible values: https://tyk.io/docs/basic-config-and-security/security/tls-and-ssl/#values-for-tls-versions

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Minimum TLS version. Possible values: https://tyk.io/docs/api-management/certificates#supported-tls-versions
```

ENV: <b>TYK_GW_HTTPSERVEROPTIONS_CIPHERS</b><br />
Type: `[]string`<br />

> Custom SSL ciphers. See list of ciphers here https://tyk.io/docs/basic-config-and-security/security/tls-and-ssl/#specify-tls-cipher-suites-for-tyk-gateway--tyk-dashboard

Reviewer 2: During document consolidation, we directly changed URLs in these files. Now, these changes are occurring in multiple instances.

Can you implement the changes in the code?

This review is also applicable to the Dashboard PR.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Custom SSL ciphers applicable when using TLS version 1.2. See the list of ciphers here https://tyk.io/docs/api-management/certificates#supported-tls-cipher-suites
```

You can now configure the log format to be either the standard or json format
If not set or left empty, it will default to `standard`.

### access_logs
AccessLogs configures the output for access logs.
If not configured, the access log is disabled.

### access_logs.enabled
ENV: <b>TYK_GW_ACCESSLOGS_ENABLED</b><br />
Type: `bool`<br />

> Enabled controls enabling the transaction logs. Default: false.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Enabled controls the generation of access logs by the Gateway. Default: false.
```

### access_logs.template
ENV: <b>TYK_GW_ACCESSLOGS_TEMPLATE</b><br />
Type: `[]string`<br />

> Template configures which fields to log into the access log.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Template configures which fields to include in the access log.
```

> If unconfigured, all fields listed will be logged.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If no template is configured, all available fields will be logged.
```

ENV: <b>TYK_GW_KV_KV</b><br />
Type: `struct`<br />

> See more details https://tyk.io/docs/tyk-configuration-reference/kv-store/

Reviewer: ```suggestion
See more details https://tyk.io/docs/tyk-self-managed/#store-configuration-with-key-value-store
```

ENV: <b>TYK_GW_SECRETS</b><br />
Type: `map[string]string`<br />

Secrets configures a list of key/value pairs for the gateway.
When configuring it via environment variable, the expected value
is a comma separated list of key-value pairs delimited with a colon.

Example: `TYK_GW_SECRETS=key1:value1,key2:/value2`
Produces: `{"key1": "value1", "key2": "/value2"}`

The secret value may be used as `secrets://key1` from the API definition.
In versions before gateway 5.3, only `listen_path` and `target_url` fields
have had the secrets replaced.

> See more details https://tyk.io/docs/tyk-configuration-reference/kv-store/#how-to-access-the-externally-stored-data

Reviewer: ```suggestion
See more details https://tyk.io/docs/tyk-self-managed/#how-to-access-the-externally-stored-data
```
